lab5/console/ConsoleManager.java
 lab5.console.ConsoleManager
lab5/console/ClearCommand.java
 lab5.console.ClearCommand
lab5/console/Commandable.java
 lab5.console.Commandable
lab5/console/AddIfMaxCommand.java
 lab5.console.AddIfMaxCommand
lab5/console/FilterLessThenExpelledCommand.java
 lab5.console.FilterLessThenExpelledCommand
lab5/data/Semester.java
 lab5.data.Semester
lab5/console/ShowCommand.java
 lab5.console.ShowCommand
lab5/console/RemoveByIdCommand.java
 lab5.console.RemoveByIdCommand
lab5/console/FilterStartsWithNameCommand.java
 lab5.console.FilterStartsWithNameCommand
lab5/data/Person.java
 lab5.data.Person
lab5/collection/CollectionManager.java
 lab5.collection.CollectionManager
lab5/console/AddCommand.java
 lab5.console.AddCommand
lab5/console/RemoveByIndexCommand.java
 lab5.console.RemoveByIndexCommand
lab5/console/RemoveAllByStudentsCountCommand.java
 lab5.console.RemoveAllByStudentsCountCommand
lab5/console/SaveCommand.java
 lab5.console.SaveCommand
lab5/data/Coordinates.java
 lab5.data.Coordinates
lab5/file/FileManager.java
 lab5.file.FileManager
 lab5.file.FileManager$1
lab5/console/ExitCommand.java
 lab5.console.ExitCommand
lab5/console/InfoCommand.java
 lab5.console.InfoCommand
lab5/data/StudyGroup.java
 lab5.data.StudyGroup
lab5/console/UpdateIdCommand.java
 lab5.console.UpdateIdCommand
lab5/exeptions/EmptyIOException.java
 lab5.exeptions.EmptyIOException
lab5/file/ScriptManager.java
 lab5.file.ScriptManager
lab5/main/Main.java
 lab5.main.Main
lab5/console/CommandManager.java
 lab5.console.CommandManager
